README.md, before:

# K2 Printer

Project K2 is a Medium Format, Direct Drive, Fully Enclosed FDM Printer.

This is an entirely scratch design, based on the efforts of the "Hypercube Overkill Project" for the XY Motion System

Our discord server can be found here: https://discord.gg/MzTR3zE

This project is still in flux, things may change, the goals of this project are as follows:

- Fully Enclosed Design
- 2020, 2040, and 2060 Frame Members
- Insulated Build Chamber (Not Heated)
- Build Volumes of ~200^3 to 400^3 (use of whole plate available) + additional area to purge and wipe
- Direct Drive Extruder
- Shortest Belt Paths Possible, 4 Motors, 2 Per X, 2 Per Y Axis
- Moving Bed, Fixed Gantry
- MGN9 Rails (Z Axis)
- MGN9 and MGN12 Rails (X, Y)
- 9mm Belts on XY, 1204 Ballscrews on Z to lift the Bed
- Heavy Duty Bearings
- LDO Stepper Motors (Optional but Recommended)
- Minimal Printed Parts (ABS Required, Filled Nylon Recommended)
- 32 bit controller standard (Dual SKRs), Others Optional
- 24V Power Standard
- AC Heated Bed, 12mm MIC6 Plate with Magnetic Build Surface

Commit message:

add sourcing guide to readme, clarify build volume

README.md, after:

# K2 Printer

Project K2 is a Medium Format, Direct Drive, Fully Enclosed FDM Printer.

This is an entirely scratch design, based on the efforts of the "Hypercube Overkill Project" for the XY Motion System

Our discord server can be found here: https://discord.gg/MzTR3zE

BOM/Sourcing Guide for a 225x225x250 Build can be found here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O3eyVuQ6M4F03MJSDs4Z71_XyNjXL5HFTZr1jsaAtRc/edit?usp=sharing

This project is still in flux, things may change, the goals of this project are as follows:

- Fully Enclosed Design
- 2020, 2040, and 2060 Frame Members
- Insulated Build Chamber (Not Heated)
- Build Volumes of ~175^3 to 375^3 (use of whole plate available, plate scales from 200^3 to 400^3 respectively) + additional area to purge and wipe
- Direct Drive Extruder
- Shortest Belt Paths Possible, 4 Motors, 2 Per X, 2 Per Y Axis
- Moving Bed, Fixed Gantry
- MGN9 Rails (Z Axis)
- MGN9 and MGN12 Rails (X, Y)
- 9mm Belts on XY, 1204 Ballscrews on Z to lift the Bed
- Heavy Duty Bearings
- LDO Stepper Motors (Optional but Recommended)
- Minimal Printed Parts (ABS Required, Filled Nylon Recommended)
- 32 bit controller standard (Dual SKRs), Others Optional
- 24V Power Standard
- AC Heated Bed, 12mm MIC6 Plate with Magnetic Build Surface
